Replace "Mesh Expansion" with "VM Support" and related edits. (#5215)
istio/istio.io: content/en/blog/2019/app-identity-and-access-adapter/index.md

## Understanding Istio and the adapter

> [Istio](/docs/concepts/what-is-istio/) is an open source service mesh that transparently layers onto distributed applications and seamlessly integrates with Kubernetes. To reduce the complexity of deployments Istio provides behavioral insights and operational control over the service mesh as a whole. [See Istio Architecture for more details.](/docs/ops/architecture/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Istio](/docs/concepts/what-is-istio/) is an open source service mesh that transparently layers onto distributed applications and seamlessly integrates with Kubernetes. To reduce the complexity of deployments Istio provides behavioral insights and operational control over the service mesh as a whole. See the [Istio Architecture](/docs/ops/architecture/) for more details.
```

> Istio uses [Envoy proxy sidecars](/blog/2019/data-plane-setup/) to mediate inbound and outbound traffic for all pods in the service mesh. Istio extracts telemetry from the Envoy sidecars and sends it to [Mixer](/docs/ops/architecture/#mixer), the Istio component responsible for collecting telemetry and policy enforcement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Istio uses [Envoy proxy sidecars](/blog/2019/data-plane-setup/) to mediate inbound and outbound traffic for all pods in the service mesh. Istio extracts telemetry from the Envoy sidecars and sends it to [Mixer](/docs/ops/architecture/#mixer), the Istio component responsible for collecting telemetry and enforcing policies.
```
